README.md, before:

# SYSNOPSIS

    use HTML::Element;
    use HTML::Element::AbsoluteXPath;

    ...

    print $elem->abs_xpath;
    # output like '/html[1]/body[1]/div[1]'

more

    use 5.010;
    use HTML::TreeBuilder->new;
    use HTML::Element::AbsoluteXPath;
    

    my $root = HTML::TreeBuilder->new;
    my $html = <<END;
    <html>
        <body>
            <div id="test" class="testclass"></div>
            <div class="testclass"></div>
            <div>
                <div class="innerclass"></div>
                <div></div>
            </div>
        </body>
    </html>
    END
    $root->parse($html);
    $root->eof();

    # get abs xpath of root
    say $root->abs_xpath; # '/html[1]' 
    

    my @found = $root->find_by_tag_name('div');
    

    # get abs xpath
    say $found[0]->abs_xpath; # '/html[1]/body[1]/div[1]' 
    

    # get abs xpath with 'id' hint.
    say $found[0]->abs_xpath('id'); #, "/html[1]/body[1]/div[@id='test'][1]"
    

    # get abs xpath with 'id' and 'class' hints.
    say $found[0]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[@id='test' and @class='testclass'][1]"
    

    # get abs xpath hints for elem has just 'class' attr.
    say $found[1]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[@class='testclass'][2]"
    

    # get abs xpath with hints for elem has no attrs
    say $found[2]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[3]"
    

    # get abs xpath overwrapped one
    say $found[2]->content->[0]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[3]/div[@class='innerclass'][1]"
    

    # get abs xpath overwrapped sibling
    say $found[2]->content->[1]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[3]/div[2]"

# DESCRIPTION

HTML::Element::AbsoluteXPath adds ABSOLUTE XPath support to HTML::Element by adding 'abs\_xpath' method to HTML::Element package.

It generates smarter XPaths with HINTS which are attributes name of HTML element, like 'class','id','width','name' and etc.

# METHODS

### abs\_xpath( \[ $hint, ... \] )

Returns an absolute xpath of current HTML::Element object.

Hints are optional. Internally, '\_tag' is added to hints.

With no hints, it generates an xpath with only ordinary expressions like "/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/div\[1\]", "/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/a\[13\]".

If you set 'class' as hint, it generates a smarter xpath like "/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/div\[@class='SOME'\]\[1\]","/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/div\[2\]".

Hints work for being matched attribute names which have values.

# SEE ALSO

- [HTML::TreeBuilder](http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?HTML::TreeBuilder)
- [HTML::TreeBuilder::XPath](http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?HTML::TreeBuilder::XPath)
- [HTML::Element](http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?HTML::Element)

# SOURCE

[https://github.com/sng2c/HTML-Element-AbsoluteXPath](https://github.com/sng2c/HTML-Element-AbsoluteXPath)

Commit message:

Import of KHS/HTML-Element-AbsoluteXPath-0.02 from CPAN.
gitpan-cpan-distribution: HTML-Element-AbsoluteXPath
gitpan-cpan-version:      0.02
gitpan-cpan-path:         KHS/HTML-Element-AbsoluteXPath-0.02.tar.gz
gitpan-cpan-author:       KHS
gitpan-cpan-maturity:     released

README.md, after:

# NAME

HTML::Element::AbsoluteXPath - Add absolute XPath support to HTML::Element

# VERSION

version 0.02

# DESCRIPTION

HTML::Element::AbsoluteXPath adds ABSOLUTE XPath support to HTML::Element by adding 'abs\_xpath' method to HTML::Element package.

It generates smarter XPaths with HINTS which are attributes name of HTML element, like 'class','id','width','name' and etc.

# SYSNOPSIS

    use HTML::Element;
    use HTML::Element::AbsoluteXPath;

    ...

    print $elem->abs_xpath;
    # output like '/html[1]/body[1]/div[1]'

more

    use 5.010;
    use HTML::TreeBuilder->new;
    use HTML::Element::AbsoluteXPath;
    

    my $root = HTML::TreeBuilder->new;
    my $html = <<END;
    <html>
        <body>
            <div id="test" class="testclass"></div>
            <div class="testclass"></div>
            <div>
                <div class="innerclass"></div>
                <div></div>
            </div>
        </body>
    </html>
    END
    $root->parse($html);
    $root->eof();

    # get abs xpath of root
    say $root->abs_xpath; # '/html[1]' 
    

    my @found = $root->find_by_tag_name('div');
    

    # get abs xpath
    say $found[0]->abs_xpath; # '/html[1]/body[1]/div[1]' 
    

    # get abs xpath with 'id' hint.
    say $found[0]->abs_xpath('id'); #, "/html[1]/body[1]/div[@id='test'][1]"
    

    # get abs xpath with 'id' and 'class' hints.
    say $found[0]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[@id='test' and @class='testclass'][1]"
    

    # get abs xpath hints for elem has just 'class' attr.
    say $found[1]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[@class='testclass'][2]"
    

    # get abs xpath with hints for elem has no attrs
    say $found[2]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[3]"
    

    # get abs xpath overwrapped one
    say $found[2]->content->[0]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[3]/div[@class='innerclass'][1]"
    

    # get abs xpath overwrapped sibling
    say $found[2]->content->[1]->abs_xpath('id','class'); # "/html[1]/body[1]/div[3]/div[2]"

# METHODS

### abs\_xpath( \[ $hint, ... \] )

Returns an absolute xpath of current HTML::Element object.

Hints are optional. Internally, '\_tag' is added to hints.

With no hints, it generates an xpath with only ordinary expressions like "/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/div\[1\]", "/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/a\[13\]".

If you set 'class' as hint, it generates a smarter xpath like "/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/div\[@class='SOME'\]\[1\]","/html\[1\]/body\[1\]/div\[2\]".

Hints work for being matched attribute names which have values.

# SEE ALSO

- [HTML::TreeBuilder](http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?HTML::TreeBuilder)
- [HTML::TreeBuilder::XPath](http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?HTML::TreeBuilder::XPath)
- [HTML::Element](http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?HTML::Element)

# SOURCE

[https://github.com/sng2c/HTML-Element-AbsoluteXPath](https://github.com/sng2c/HTML-Element-AbsoluteXPath)

# AUTHOR

HyeonSeung Kim <sng2nara@gmail.com>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by HyeonSeung Kim.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
